c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.Base.mm.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.Base.mm.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
c:\users\kylw\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\Kylw\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\PlayMaker.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.dll
C:\Users\ultra\source\repos\CustomCharacters\CustomCharacters\obj\Debug\CustomCharacters.pdb
